Hello!
Top of the morning to you!
I'd stop swinging that sword around so recklessly if I was you.
Watch where you put that thing!
I'm captain of the Royal Inquisitory Squad, watch your step.
We're watching you.
Drown me in a vat and call me pickled, I never thought I'd see you here!
I'm locked out of my apartment on North Bend Avenue, do you have a key?
I've seen some strange things hidden behind trees...
That sword looks like it could cut down trees. Be careful, though... that's against the law!
What's up?
Have you seen my wife? ...Come to think of it, have you seen any women at all?
Keep it secret. Keep it safe.
The mayor is giving a speech tomorrow!
Two thumbs up!
I saw a robot hovering in the sky the other day! ...No, I'm not crazy!
Hello? Is someone there? I can't see you!
I heard you can take mercenary jobs at the police station, but I don't have a sword.
There's a gang hiding around here somewhere... I hear they're recruiting.
I can't feel my legs.
Help, I'm stuck!
Are you the cable guy I ordered? No?
Are you my mummy?
That sword can break rocks. How do I know? Well, why don't you try it?~(That fool probably doesn't know destroying nature is against the law, hehe)
I heard that dashing leader, August Fennem, has some dirty laundry hidden away somewhere.
I saw the most ridiculously dressed man the other day. He was muttering about pajamas and only having 72 hours...
You only have one life. Don't waste it, you hear?
Do you know where the supermarket is?
Back in my day, politicians weren't such noodlebrains. Why...~(you listen to this guy rant for minutes before excusing yourself)
I've noticed a strange lack of couches in this city. Or... any furniture for this matter.
Pip pip!
Sometimes I look at a tree and feel like it moves when I do. 
I can't seem to jump over rocks. Can you?
...How did I get here? And more importantly, how do I leave?
I'd love to kill August. He... I can't talk about it.
Have you heard the good news of our lord and savior, the Flying Spaghetti Monster?
I have some delicious cake, right this way...